What are you doing?
What's up?
You are singing here in your elegant school uniform
With our entire family and school system
I was wondering what you wanted to do
Who stipulated Qingya Hospital?
Academy students can't come out to sing
Is there anything wrong with me working hard for my dreams?
Dream I see you don't even have enough living expenses
If you don't go to work, what dreams are you still talking about here?
It's ridiculous
Don't worry about it
My sister is helping you.
Why don't you know how to be grateful?
Does breaking someone else's money count as helping someone else?
Yeah, to help you see reality
Wouldn't it be nice to go home and spread pancakes?
What does it mean to have no money and have to come to learn?
I have no money, I am poor
But at least I support myself
Unlike you
Aside from the identity of the Gu family
You are nothing
Look at him. He said that about us.
Just look at this iron slightly
Just don't see the coffin and don't cry
I have to smash him hard today, don't touch my heart
Don't touch my heart
Let go if you don't lose face
How dare you touch my sister?
Ah no
Uh-huh.